C:\Users\Phillip.Donley\DECAL EXTRACT>python decalextract.py
Please paste your X-API-KEY for the signed-URL service:
X-API-KEY:
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
libpng warning: iCCP: known incorrect sRGB profile
· Loaded 12 template sets for corner detection
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "C:\Users\Phillip.Donley\DECAL EXTRACT\decalextract.py", line 1215, in <module>
    main(sheet, out_root, seq=105)
  File "C:\Users\Phillip.Donley\DECAL EXTRACT\decalextract.py", line 1012, in main
    print(f"[{i}] ➡️ Processing part={search_part} (orig={original_part}), TMS={tms}")
                                      ^^^^^^^^^^^
NameError: name 'search_part' is not defined

C:\Users\Phillip.Donley\DECAL EXTRACT>
